It's over yeah
So, talking about
Book five and then book five is Anne's House of Dreams.
okay
Oh, and then Ingleside was number six. Do you remember how many kids?
She had at least six.
(***) we sick.
haahaa
yeah
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. She stopped teaching. Yeah.
After she got married and had...
Doctor.
yeah
(***) Yeah
no no
No, uh...
You can't kill Gilbert, huh? haahaa
Thank you.
yeah
Well, as much as can be, I guess.
They have their own ups and downs.
well it's the war time yeah
Yeah, yeah, it was (***)
Yeah.
The last look.
Yeah, Anne is more. Yeah, she's old.
yeah because yeah She's in middle age.
(***) oh
(***)
yeah
I could read the whole series. yeah
I lost count. I honestly lost count.
Like there's the first and the last.
is the two that I read the most. Yeah. Yeah. The most.
Oh no, I can't like when I go out into the wild, no I try to bring books.
that I haven't read.
yeah oh like
Oh, like whenever I have time.
I just open it up and read it.
No, it's just whenever I feel like it.
I want to read a book and I want something quick.
Yeah, it's easier to be.
yeah
I'm curious, what do you...
oh
Movie, yes. What's your movie that...
You always watch over and over.
okay
where is it ohhh
haahaa
Did you watch it? okay
ohh
Can you even take one right now?
oh haahaa
haahaa
ohh
Yeah.
Book or a movie that yeah
Oh, that's a good one.
Oh, oh, i see
You know the three books, which one do you like the best?
okay (***) Did you like the movie?
Okay.
Do you read any of his other books?
you
mm mm